====================
1.14 Goverance Games
====================

Requirements
------------

Modify the Corp Games program to permit users to select the form 
of dispute resolution each Corp will use when members disagree 
about whether a potential move would be strategic/unstrategic. 
The default method is via vote among all members weighted by each 
member’s Long-Game for the grandparent node in the Corp’s 
game-classification tree; call that “Imperfect Meritocracy”. Also 
offer “Pure Democracy” (unweighted vote), “Dictator (explorer 
decides)”, “Pure chance (flip a coin)”, “Meritocracy + Chance 
(probability is the vote share under Imperfect Meritocracy)”, and 
“Formal Reasoning”. Any of these forms of dispute resolution 
could be counterproductive, and different forms may be better for 
different kinds of games/corps. It is also possible that disputes 
arise so rarely that it makes little difference how we resolve 
them--that’s something to test...

Formal reasoning would allow Corps to doubt hypotheses about 
strategy until accompanied by a formal plan, much as a magician’s 
audience can doubt their own eyes until they have a good 
explanation. This implies a dramatically different way of playing 
where players choose whichever move seems most promising to them 
individually only in during practice, and they contribute to the 
evolution of a system of collective knowledge which governs all 
official moves. The method for this is given in Parts 3-4 of the 
`NUI design <https://www.democracylab.org/projects/1356>`_.  

To properly evolve a system of collective knowledge may require 
the creation of universes of fresh players on which to compare the 
strategies (see :ref:`elevate-reality-above-experimentation`).
