Governance
==========

It may seem premature to think about governance when the 
redscience community has only one member! However, if you 
are deciding whether to investigate/follow redscience, you 
might want to know where it aims to go...

Any open source community that lasts long enough will need 
to continually recruit "collaborators" who are authorized 
to merge pull requests into code releases. The progress of 
the project will depend on the number of pull requests it 
can entertain, which will depend on the number of 
collaborators it can retain, which will depend upon how 
attracted potential collaborators are to its form of 
government.

In particular, whether someone is willing to serve as a 
collaborator may depend upon what they expect will happen 
if other collaborators ever disagree with them. 90% of the 
time, disagreements can be resolved creatively (i.e. by 
adjusting a pull request to address all concerns). Some 
potential collaborators support the idea of letting a 
respected individual (perhaps the original author) resolve 
the remaining 10% as a "Benevolent Dictator For Life". On 
the other hand, some think it is fair to measure more 
recent contributions and to reward larger contributors 
with greater votes when resolving disagreements.

Unlike previous open source communities, our community 
builds software that allows us to run social simulations 
that measure the relative effectiveness of various forms 
of government in different contexts. Therefore rather 
than trust a personality to lead our community, we think 
redscience collaborators will prefer objective forms of 
disagreement resolution. Otherwise, why are we building this?

If the objective evidence shows that teams make better 
decisions when governed by dictators, then that is how we 
expect to govern ourselves until new evidence suggests 
otherwise. Unanticipated forms of government could evolve 
that obsolesce every form of government known today, so our 
governance documents will not include any commitment 
binding us to a known form of government--instead, it binds
us to objectivity. 

In other words, if this project ever comes to be governed 
by Blue Science, we expect the community will fork the code.  
