Welcome to redscience!
======================================

If you choose Blue Science, then you will believe what you want to believe. If 
you choose Red Science, then you will learn life-changing truth. There is no 
turning back, and no telling how deep the rabbit hole may go…

Blue Science says, “Clinical trials are what matter. We can’t clone entire 
religions, businesses, or states, and manipulate them to form properly 
controlled clinical trials of potential social policies, so social policies 
can take root only in opinion.” It says, “History will determine which proposed 
social technologies or other social changes are safe, but, by then, it will be 
too late.” 

A perfect clinical trial would require cloning the entire universe at least 
twice: The exact proposed patient would receive the exact proposed treatment 
in one cloned universe and receive the alternative in another. Any 
less-expensive experiment is mere calibration for some simplified model. Blue 
Science treats simplification as an excuse to defer to subjective 
opinion--perhaps to the democratically-aggregated opinion of a minority (e.g. 
of those who are currently alive, or of those with PhDs).

Red Science says, “A model oversimplifies only if a more reliable model is 
readily available.” In other words, instead of letting subjective opinions 
decide which clinical trials to fund, let pre-clinical trials drive the 
clinical research agenda. Before serving as non-voluntary subjects in “natural 
experiments” of history, run increasingly-sophisticated simulations, putting 
the *least-expensive objective process* in the driver’s seat.

`Fold-It <https://fold.it/>`_ and `BridgeDesigner 
<https://bridgedesigner.org/>`_ facilitate pre-clinical science in the domains 
of protein-folding and bridge design. By expanding that paradigm to the social 
sciences, the redscience software package goes meta: It facilitates the 
pre-clinical science of science. Any social interaction can be modeled with 
game theory, so redscience builds on ipython, babel, trueskill, matplotlib, 
and sk-learn to let users create and compare designs for “olympics” and player 
tools (a.k.a. “teams” of “bots”). 

Design advances in redscience until no olympics can be conceived for which a 
more reliable tool can be conceived. Leaderboards are more objective and more 
efficient than peer-reviewed journals; they make the agenda-setting level of 
science as inexpensive and accessible as playing a video game. The speed with 
which redscience can expose design-flaws in our inherited Blue-engineered 
social institutions is so shocking that a warning is merited: Ignorance may 
cause more damage in the long-run, but truth has a sting!

If you choose truth, and cannot find an existing redscience website on which 
to explore, then you can make your own by… [how to install]

Any effective social science could be used to combat the exploitation that some 
social groups currently suffer, but could also be used for exploitation. For 
the security of society, redscience is therefore `open-source 
<https://github.com/ChrisSantosLang/redscience/blob/master/LICENSE/>`_ and 
accompanied by educational resources so that diverse social groups can make 
their own versions which they fully understand and control. It is as much a 
curriculum about coding as it is code. Report bugs/ideas here, contribute code 
here, contribute as an educator here. 

